240 convert event model to use dls python skeleton (#241)
bluesky/event-model: docs/developer/how-to/pin-requirements.rst

By design this project only defines dependencies in one place, i.e. in
the ``requires`` table in ``pyproject.toml``.

In the ``requires`` table it is possible to pin versions of some dependencies
as needed. For library projects it is best to leave pinning to a minimum so
that your library can be used by the widest range of applications.

When CI builds the project it will use the latest compatible set of
dependencies available (after applying your pins and any dependencies' pins).

This approach means that there is a possibility that a future build may
break because an updated release of a dependency has made a breaking change.

The correct way to fix such an issue is to work out the minimum pinning in
``requires`` that will resolve the problem. However this can be quite hard to
do and may be time consuming when simply trying to release a minor update.

For this reason we provide a mechanism for locking all dependencies to
the same version as a previous successful release. This is a quick fix that
should guarantee a successful CI build.

Finding the lock files
----------------------

Every release of the project will have a set of requirements files published
as release assets.

> For example take a look at the release page for event_model-cli here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example take a look at the release page for python3-pip-skeleton-cli here:
```
I've pushed a fix upstream: https://github.com/DiamondLightSource/python3-pip-skeleton-cli/pull/72
